twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p buddha > C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p dasMEHDI >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p HasanAbi >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p AnthonyZ >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p fyzicul >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p biotoxz_ >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p garek >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p itsleslie >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p ggqf >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p SodaKite >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p shiny >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p nerdandi >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p evilshatner >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p LIRIK >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p uberhaxornova >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p sykkuno >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p Spaceboy >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p mekabear >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p burn >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p ashi >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p lyndi >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p bananabrea >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p MiltonTPike1 >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p afro >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p gtawiseguy >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p whippy >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p crystalst >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p pokelawls >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p kiva >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p lovinurstyle >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p roflgator >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p ramee >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p ratedepicz >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p summit1g >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p qmariox >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p shotz >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p silent >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p tfue >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv
twitch-stream-check -t -g -v -s -m -p msteamkk >> C:\Users\erick\Documents\GitHub\mym3ulinks\epgtwitch.xmltv

